# Managment-of-locals-in-univeristy
Organization of course sessions according to customized niches in a university

Description : In any academic institution like schools and universities, each teacher has a unique schedule in terms of room, date and crenel so there will never be a teaching conflict with these three parameters, but no teacher can be Preventing postponement or alteration of the session may result in a discrepancy between two teachers who fall on the same room, date and crenel so both teachers may be deprived of their sessions. Our solution is to create a web application that allows us to reserve a room according to various criteria such as: number of places present, date and slot free, equipment present in the premises, etc. Before doing the research of the local and the reservation of the local, it is necessary to add the search parameters if they do not exist such as: Add the premises, add the equipment, modification of the slots, ... etc.

Features of the application:

  1.	Management of halls: the management of halls contains the addition of a new local with these parameters (name, number of places, equipments, etc.). For this you must first add the equipments that are related to the local added, modification of the premise is or there are changes to be made regarding the local as the number of places is changed or equipment is removed,... Etc. Deleting the local is to delete a local in case it does not become a local to give courses and at the end we have the local show feature that is to display a table with all the important details of a chosen hall. 
  2.	Equipment management : equipment management contains the addition of new equipment, modification of equipment and removal of equipment. Adding equipment is adding equipment that is present in the University, removing the equipment is removing equipment when there will be none of this equipment present in the University and finally we have the modification of the equipment . 
  3.	Booking management: reservation management consists of reserving a local, modifying the reservation and releasing the reservation, the reservation of a local cannot be done before the local search feature which consists of displaying all the premises present according to the research criteria requested such as the niche, the date, the number of places and the equipment that the teacher wants in his premises. After displaying the premises the administrator can choose the local is confirms the reservation. The release of the reservation will be made when the date is exceeded.


Technologies used : For design pattern i used MVC (Model , Vue , Controller), for programming language i used Java/JEE, to manipulate the data i used MySQL and in front end i used HTML5,CSS3&Bootstrap, JavaScript and frameworks of JS like JQuery and Ajax. Also, to show the results, i interacted with Google Maps API (JSON Data) and to perform the query of the Google Maps API i used Java.net and gson package to manipulate json data. I created a web services using SOAP of the set of the functionalities of the application.
